Update the docs to mention that native code is now cached (#377)
timholy/SnoopCompile.jl: docs/src/index.md

Every time you load a package in a fresh Julia session, the methods you use
need to be JIT-compiled, and this contributes to the latency of using the package.
In some circumstances, you can cache the results of compilation to files
(the `*.ji` and `*.so` files that live in your `~/.julia/compiled` directory) to reduce the burden
when your package is used.
This is called *precompilation*.
Julia is able to save inference results in the
`*.ji` files and ([since Julia
1.9](https://julialang.org/blog/2023/04/julia-1.9-highlights/#caching_of_native_code))
native code in the `*.so` files, and thus precompilation can eliminate the time
needed for type inference and native code compilation.

> However, there are some significant constraints that sometimes prevent Julia from
> saving even the inference results--for example, currently you cannot cache inference results
> for "top level" calls to methods defined in Julia or other packages, even if you are calling them
> with types defined in your package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> On top of this, what does get saved can sometimes be invalidated by loading other packages.

Reviewer 2: The entire sentence "However, there are some..." can also be deleted.

Every time you load a package in a fresh Julia session, the methods you use
need to be JIT-compiled, and this contributes to the latency of using the package.

> In some circumstances, you can cache the results of compilation to files
> (the `*.ji` and `*.so` files that live in your `~/.julia/compiled` directory) to reduce the burden
> when your package is used.

Reviewer: The parenthetical here breaks up the sentence flow and makes the idea harder to understand, so I moved this to the next sentence. `~/.julia/compiled` is the default location on most systems, but generally we need to refer to the Julia depot.

I then added some text to explain the trade off between caching more code and taking time to load it.

```suggestion
In some circumstances, you can cache the results of compilation to files to reduce the latency when your package is used. These files are the the `*.ji` and `*.so` files that live in the `compiled` directory of the Julia depot, usually located at `~/.julia/compiled`. However, if these files become large, loading them can be another source for latency. Julia needs time both to load and validate the cached compiled code. Minimizing the latency of using a package involves focusing on caching the compilation of code that is both commonly used and takes time to compile.
```

Author: Added in 503139b (manually, so I could insert line breaks :) ).
